[Music]
you can add a clip to your timeline in
three different ways depending on where
you want to add the clip first option is
done by pressing e or enter this adds
the clip to the end of your timeline
second option is to press W this inserts
the clip where your playhead currently
is the third and final option is if you
have created an inpoint and outpoint by
pressing I and O to overwrite a segment
of your timeline by pressing Q you can
split a clip into two separate Clips on
your timeline by pressing b or using the
blade function on the left of the
timeline these clips will then be
separate from each other and can be
moved around the timeline or deleted
individually now if you want to trim or
extend the audio or the video Simply go
to the start to end of your clip and
either drag to extend it or condense it
if you drag between two clips you can
also overwrite over one clip while
extending the other when you want to
transition between two clips either
click on the function or press D and
choose the type of transition you want
this works with both video and audio you
can also set the duration of the
transition Above This is the maximum
number of frames you can have in a
transition if you press G the graphics
menu will appear in the left sidebar or
you can click on the graphics function
for there simply scroll down choose your
graphic and double click to add it to
your time timeline where your playhead
is you can also click on it once and
click add to timeline below if you wish
to delete something on your timeline
click on the clip and press the delete
button to undo press command and Zed if
you have a Mac or control and Zed if you
have Windows to redo press command shift
Z for a Mac and control shift Zed if you
have Windows
[Music]